Update the Cumulocity user documentation to include details on the new Certificate Authority feature, covering device registration and CA creation. (#2985)
Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/certificate-authority-bundle/create-certificate-authority.md

If you get a 400 or 200 with `active: false` then the feature is disabled for the tenant. 

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    Content-Type: application/json
    Content-Length: ...
    {
        "phase":"PUBLIC_PREVIEW",
        "active":false,
        "strategy":"TENANT",
        "key":"certificate-authority"
    }
To enable the feature you must call this API:

    PUT /features/certificate-authority/by-tenant
    Content-Type: application/json
    Authorization: Basic <<Base64 encoded bootstrap credentials>>
    ...
    {
       "phase": "PUBLIC_PREVIEW",
       "active": true,
       "strategy": "TENANT",
       "key": "certificate-authority"
    }
This call can be done by executing the following curl statement:
  
    curl -v -u <username>:<password> \
       -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
       -X PUT \
       -d '{"phase": "IN_DEVELOPMENT","active": true,"strategy": "TENANT","key": "certificate-authority"}' \
       https://<{{< product-c8y-iot >}} tenant domain>/features/certificate-authority/by-tenant

Replace `<username>`, `<password>` with the appropriate credentials given to you when registering with {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

> **Via REST:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating a CA certificate via REST {#creating-a-ca-certificate-via-the-rest}
```

On creating a new tenant's certificate authority (CA) the certificate authority API must be called. This triggers the following actions:

* A new key pair is created and a certificate is self-signed with `tenantID` as the Common Name (CN).
* The private key is stored in an encrypted tenant option.
* The certificate is stored in the trusted certificate repository with auto-registration turned off by default. Devices can only be registered automatically when the administrator turns this option on.

> * If a CA is already present, return a message indicating the CA is already present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a CA is already present, returns a message indicating the CA is already present.
```

> * Tenant CA certificate can also be created via UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The tenant CA certificate can also be created via the UI.
```

> * The tenant CA certificate can also be created via the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Moreover, if the CA is removed from the trusted certificate list, the corresponding private key is removed from the database collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Moreover, if the CA is removed from the trusted certificate list, the corresponding private key is removed from the database collection.

```

This is an example of a REST request:

    POST /certificate-authority
    Content-Type: application/json
    Authorization: Basic <<Base64 encoded bootstrap credentials>>

The following response is returned:

    HTTP/1.1 201 OK
    Content-Type: application/json
    Content-Length: ...
    {
        ......
        "subject":"CN={tenantId}, O=Cumulocity, C=United States",
        "tenantCertificateAuthority":true,
        "autoRegistrationEnabled":false,
        "status":"ENABLED"
        ....
    }
This certificate identified as a TENANT CA and it has attribute `tenantCertificateAuthority":true`.

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
You can call this endpoint without the ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN or ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_READ role only, if the user is a service user. Otherwise, if the user does not have the required role, an HTTP response 403 will be returned.
<section><h5>Required roles</h5>
ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN
ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_READ
</section>
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

> **Via UI:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating a CA certificate via the UI {#creating-a-ca-certificate-via-the-ui}
```

> If it is disabled then button `Add CA certificate` is not visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Certificate Authority feature is disabled the button **Add CA certificate** is not visible.
```

![CA is disabled](/images/certificate-authority/disabledCertificateAuthority.png)

> We can simply follow instructions from [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) to enable it. After enabling UI will have button `Add CA certificate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions in [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) to enable it. After enabling the feature, the UI will show the button **Add CA certificate**.
```

![CA is enabled](/images/certificate-authority/enabledCertificateAuthority.png)

1. In the Device Management application, navigate to the **Management** menu in the navigator and select **Trusted certificates**.

> 2. Right corner there is a button `Add CA certificate`, after clicking this button CA will be created and listed down in page **Trusted certificates**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Add CA certificate** at the top right to create the CA certificate.
```

> 3. Same things will be created when CA is created which is mentioned in API section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 4. After CA is created button `Add CA certificate` will be disabled. And from API we will not be able to create CA certificate as each tenant can have maximum one tenant CA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. After the CA has been created the **Add CA certificate** button will be disabled. Moreover, it will not be possible to create a CA via the API as each tenant can have maximum one tenant CA.
```

> Then new CA certificate will be added to the trusted certificates list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new CA certificate will be added to the trusted certificates list:
```

> Then new CA certificate will be added to the trusted certificates list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then new CA certificate, either created in the UI or via the API,  will be added to the trusted certificates list:
```

---
weight: 20
title: Creating a certificate authority (CA)
layout: redirect
---

The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} certificate management allows {{< product-c8y-iot >}} to sign and issue certificates. Along with the trust anchor certificates the list of certificates in a  tenant shows the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates. The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates are identifiable by the words TENANT CA.
In this tutorial, you will learn how to create a certificate authority (CA) for a tenant with {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

### Prerequisites {#prerequisites}

In order to follow this tutorial, check the following prerequisites:

* You have a valid tenant, a user and a password in order to access {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.
* The Certificate Authority feature is enabled on instance and tenant level.

> * For enabling this feature on instance level need to contact support to enable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For enabling this feature on instance level you must contact [product support](/additional-resources/contacting-support/).
```

> * On tenant level we can simply check with this API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On tenant level you can check if the Certificate Authority feature is enabled with the following API:
```

      GET /features/certificate-authority
      Content-Type: application/json
      Authorization: Basic <<Base64 encoded bootstrap credentials>>

> If we get 400 or 200 with `active: false` then it is disabled for tenant. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get a 400 or 200 with `active: false` then the feature is disabled for the tenant. 
```

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    Content-Type: application/json
    Content-Length: ...
    {
        "phase":"PUBLIC_PREVIEW",
        "active":false,
        "strategy":"TENANT",
        "key":"certificate-authority"
    }

> For enabling this feature we need to call this API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the feature you must call this API:
```

---
weight: 20
title: Creating a certificate authority (CA)
layout: redirect
---

> The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} certificate management allows {{< product-c8y-iot >}} to sign and issue certificates. Along with the trust anchor certificates the list of CA certificates for a tenant shows the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates. The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates are identifiable by the words TENANT CA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} certificate management allows {{< product-c8y-iot >}} to sign and issue certificates. 

The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates are shown in the list of certificate authority (CA) certificates for a tenant along with the trust anchor certificates. In this list, the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates are identifiable by the words TENANT CA.
```

---
weight: 20
title: Creating a certificate authority (CA)
layout: redirect
---

The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} certificate management allows {{< product-c8y-iot >}} to sign and issue certificates. Along with the trust anchor certificates the list of CA certificates for a tenant shows the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates. The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates are identifiable by the words TENANT CA.
In this tutorial, you will learn how to create a certificate authority (CA) for a tenant with {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

### Prerequisites {#prerequisites}

> In order to use the Certificate Authority API the following is required.

Reviewer 2: trivial: should we use colon instead of dot at the end of this sentence? We have bullet list below.

Author: Done

Reviewer 3: should be a colon

Author: Already done.

* The Certificate Authority feature is enabled on instance and tenant level.

> * For enabling this feature on instance level you must contact [product support](/additional-resources/contacting-support/).

Reviewer 2: should we explain why user must contact product support to enabling cms feature on instance level? (permissions, roles etc?)

* On tenant level you can check if the Certificate Authority feature is enabled with the following API:

      GET /features/certificate-authority
      Content-Type: application/json
      Authorization: Basic <<Base64 encoded bootstrap credentials>>

> If you get a 400 or 200 with `active: false` then the feature is disabled for the tenant. 

Reviewer 2: I am not sure about status code 400 here, 4xx code responses are related to the client error responses group.

Author: Done.

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    Content-Type: application/json
    Content-Length: ...
    {
        "phase":"PUBLIC_PREVIEW",
        "active":false,
        "strategy":"TENANT",
        "key":"certificate-authority"
    }
To enable the feature you must call this API:

>     PUT /features/certificate-authority/by-tenant

Reviewer 2: it is not the full endpoint for enabling cms on tenant level, according to the discussion full endpoint is `/features/certificate-authority/by-tenant/{{tenantId}}`
Executing `/features/certificate-authority/by-tenant` on tenant level will cause response status 403 with message "Access is denied"

Author: Done.

    Content-Type: application/json
    Authorization: Basic <<Base64 encoded bootstrap credentials>>
    ...
    {
       "phase": "PUBLIC_PREVIEW",
       "active": true,
       "strategy": "TENANT",
       "key": "certificate-authority"
    }
This call can be done by executing the following curl statement:
  
    curl -v -u <username>:<password> \
       -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
       -X PUT \
       -d '{"phase": "IN_DEVELOPMENT","active": true,"strategy": "TENANT","key": "certificate-authority"}' \
       https://<{{< product-c8y-iot >}} tenant domain>/features/certificate-authority/by-tenant

> Replace `<username>`, `<password>` with the appropriate credentials given to you when registering with {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

Reviewer 2: that is true for instance level, but for tenant level we need management user, not user created along with tenant. I believe that we should point this.

Author: Done.

---
weight: 20
title: Creating a certificate authority (CA)
layout: redirect
---

The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} certificate management allows {{< product-c8y-iot >}} to sign and issue certificates. 

The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates are shown in the list of certificate authority (CA) certificates for a tenant along with the trust anchor certificates. In this list, the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates are identifiable by the words TENANT CA.

> In this tutorial, you will learn how to create a certificate authority (CA) for a tenant with {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In this tutorial, you will learn how to create a CA for a tenant with {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.
```

Reviewer 3: My understanding is ths is not a tutorial - it is just documentation. i think this sentence can be removed.

> In order to follow this tutorial, check the following prerequisites:

Reviewer 3: Is this a tutorial or just standard documentation on how to use the end point?

Author: Standard documentation for how we can create CA certificate from API and UI

Reviewer 3: In that case change to:

In order to use the Certificate Authority API the following is required.

Author: Done

> * You have a valid tenant, a user and a password in order to access {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

Reviewer 3: Do we really have to say that you need a tenant, user and password?
Is there any reason why this is not automatically available at the instance level so that individual tenants can access it?  Certainly for SaaS instances this should be enabled at instance level as it is public preview.

Author: Do we really have to say that you need a tenant, user and password? **Yes, because without tenant , user and password API is not accessible.**

Is there any reason why this is not automatically available at the instance level so that individual tenants can access it? **Because by default these endpoints are not accessible. We need to make change on load balancer.**

Reviewer 3: So is going into the product documentation which assumes that anyone reading it has both a tenant, user and password.  Therefore I think this is redundant.

Then let's make the change on the load balancer, this is just putting blockers in the way that should not be there and additional work for the Global Support and Operations team.

Author: Thanks, For change on load balancer I will discuss with team and take action accordingly. As very strong reason pointed out.

Reviewer 4: Done :-) https://cumulocity.atlassian.net/browse/MTM-63104

> * The Certificate Authority feature is need to enabled on tenant level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Certificate Authority feature must be enabled on tenant level.
```

      GET /features/certificate-authority
      Content-Type: application/json
      Authorization: Basic <<Base64 encoded bootstrap credentials>>

If you get 200 with `active: false` then the feature is disabled for the tenant. 

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    Content-Type: application/json
    Content-Length: ...
    {
        "phase":"PUBLIC_PREVIEW",
        "active":false,
        "strategy":"TENANT",
        "key":"certificate-authority"
    }
To enable the feature you must call this API:

    PUT /features/certificate-authority/by-tenant/{{tenantId}}
    Content-Type: application/json
    Authorization: Basic <<Base64 encoded bootstrap credentials>>
    ...
    {
       "phase": "PUBLIC_PREVIEW",
       "active": true,
       "strategy": "TENANT",
       "key": "certificate-authority"
    }
This call can be done by executing the following curl statement:
  
    curl -v -u <username>:<password> \
       -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
       -X PUT \
       -d '{"phase": "IN_DEVELOPMENT","active": true,"strategy": "TENANT","key": "certificate-authority"}' \
       https://<{{< product-c8y-iot >}} tenant domain>/features/certificate-authority/by-tenant/{{tenantId}}

> Replace `<username>`, `<password>` with the appropriate credentials given to you when registering with {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. The user must have the `ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN` role or belong to a management tenant.

Reviewer 3: So in order to enable the CA feature you have to have the ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN? I assume that a standard tenant administrator will not have this role - is that correct? if that is correct who can give this role which then leads me to the question is this the appropriate role to require to enable the feature?

The role required should be included in the sentence 'to enable the feature you must have the role ..... and call the following API:

Author: Done

### Creating a CA certificate via REST {#creating-a-ca-certificate-via-the-rest}

> To create a new certificate authority (CA) for a tenant the certificate authority API must be called. This triggers the following actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new CA certificate for a tenant the Certificate Authority API must be called. This triggers the following actions:
```

> On creating a new tenant's certificate authority (CA) the certificate authority API must be called. This triggers the following actions:

Reviewer 3: Change to : To create a new certificate authority (CA) for a tenant the certificate authority API must be called.

Author: Done.

* A new key pair is created and a certificate is self-signed with `tenantID` as the Common Name (CN).
* The private key is stored in an encrypted tenant option.
* The certificate is stored in the trusted certificate repository with auto-registration turned off by default. Devices can only be registered automatically when the administrator turns this option on.
* If a CA is already present, returns a message indicating the CA is already present.

> * Moreover, if the CA is removed from the trusted certificate list, the corresponding private key is removed from the database collection.

Reviewer 3: Remove 'Moreover'
what happens if the existing trust anchor was not generated by the Cumulocity certificate authority?

Author: `Moreover` removed.

what happens if the existing trust anchor was not generated by the Cumulocity certificate authority? **Then it will act normally as we already have functionality for trust anchors.**

This is an example of a REST request:

    POST /certificate-authority
    Content-Type: application/json
    Authorization: Basic <<Base64 encoded bootstrap credentials>>

The following response is returned:

    HTTP/1.1 201 OK
    Content-Type: application/json
    Content-Length: ...
    {
        ......
        "subject":"CN={tenantId}, O=Cumulocity, C=United States",
        "tenantCertificateAuthority":true,
        "autoRegistrationEnabled":false,
        "status":"ENABLED"
        ....
    }

> This certificate identified as a TENANT CA and it has attribute `tenantCertificateAuthority":true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This certificate is identified as a TENANT CA and it has the attribute `tenantCertificateAuthority":true`.
```

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> In order to call `/certificate-authority` one of the following roles is required: ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN or ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_READ, otherwise an HTTP response 403 will be returned. The Service User has automatic access to the endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to call `/certificate-authority` one of the following roles is required: ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN or ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_READ, otherwise an HTTP response 403 will be returned. The service user has automatic access to the endpoint.
```

> You can call this endpoint without the ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN or ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_READ role only, if the user is a service user. Otherwise, if the user does not have the required role, an HTTP response 403 will be returned.

Reviewer 3: Which end point? Possibly better 👍 
In order to call end point ....... one of the following roles is required: ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN or ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_READ, otherwise an HTTP response 403 will be returned.  The Service User has automatic access to the endpoint.

Author: Done.

<section><h5>Required roles</h5>
ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN
ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_READ
</section>
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

### Creating a CA certificate via the UI {#creating-a-ca-certificate-via-the-ui}

If the Certificate Authority feature is disabled the button **Add CA certificate** is not visible.

![CA is disabled](/images/certificate-authority/disabledCertificateAuthority.png)

Follow the instructions in [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) to enable it. After enabling the feature, the UI will show the button **Add CA certificate**.

![CA is enabled](/images/certificate-authority/enabledCertificateAuthority.png)

1. In the Device Management application, navigate to the **Management** menu in the navigator and select **Trusted certificates**.
2. Click **Add CA certificate** at the top right to create the CA certificate.

> 3. Once the CA has been created the **Add CA Certificate** button and the API are both disabled as only one CA is allowed per tenant. If you want to replace the certificate you need to remove the current CA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Once the CA has been created the **Add CA certificate** button and the API are both disabled as only one CA is allowed per tenant. If you want to replace the certificate you need to remove the current CA.
```

> 3. After the CA has been created the **Add CA certificate** button will be disabled. Moreover, it will not be possible to create a CA via the API as each tenant can have maximum one tenant CA.

Reviewer 3: Once the CA has been created the **Add CA Certificate** button and the API are both disabled as only one trust anchor is allowed per tenant.  If you want to replace the certificate you need to remove the trust anchor.

Question: should we be using the phrase 'trust anchor' rather than CA?

Author: Rephrase done.

should we be using the phrase 'trust anchor' rather than CA? **Good point changed `trust anchor` to CA**

The new CA certificate will be added to the trusted certificates list:

![Trusted CA certificate added](/images/certificate-authority/trustedCAadded.png)

> ### Auto Renewal of CA certificate {#auto-renewal-of-ca-certificate}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Auto-renewal of CA certificates {#auto-renewal-of-ca-certificate}
```

> Tenant Certificate Authority (CA) is automatically renewed on 2 October at 02:00 AM every year. The renewal process ensures that existing device certificates remain valid until their expiration. This auto-renewal mechanism ensures uninterrupted certificate management while maintaining security and compliance.

Reviewer 3: ? why is this hard coded?  What happens if I have thousands of tenants?

Author: From thin edge team we got feedback that they want minimum update on CA so we choose a specific time.
If we have large amount of tenants like (3k, 4k, 5k) then nothing will impact. Renewal process run in background and each tenant's CA from each tenant will process.

If we have any failure then in near future we are giving UI button from there they can renew each certificate which is about to expire. And also we are highlighting expired tenant's CA in red or warning sign which expired or have less than year validity.

Reviewer 4: We have scheduked an improvment for enabling the tenant administrator to rotate the CA certificate via C8Y API and UI.

- https://cumulocity.atlassian.net/browse/MTM-62885

* Each CA certificate has a validity of 1095 days (3 years) and undergoes automatic renewal in the background.
* All CA metadata, private keys, and public keys remain unchanged, ensuring a seamless renewal process. Only `NotAfter` and `NotBefore` wil be changed.
* Device certificates issued by the CA continue to have 1 year validity from issuance date, and new device certificates can be issued without disruption.

> * If the auto-renewal process fails, and it has near expiration date then error banner will be displayed in the UI for those certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the auto-renewal process fails, and it has a near expiration date then an error banner will be displayed in the UI for those certificates.
```

> * Optionally, an email alert can be sent to the Tenant Administrator for immediate action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Optionally, an email alert can be sent to the tenant administrator for immediate action.
```

> ---

Reviewer 4: Due the recent user documentation restructuring there is now a new top level folder called "device-certificate-authentication". All files of this PR should be moved into this new folder

- https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs/tree/develop/content/device-certificate-authentication

Author: done

weight: 20
title: Creating a certificate authority (CA)
layout: redirect
---

The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} certificate management allows {{< product-c8y-iot >}} to sign and issue certificates. 

The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates are shown in the list of certificate authority (CA) certificates for a tenant along with the trust anchor certificates. In this list, the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates are identifiable by the words TENANT CA.

> In this tutorial, you will learn how to create a CA for a tenant with {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This section outlines how to create a Certificate Authority (CA) for a tenant with {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.
```

---
weight: 20

> title: Create certificate authority

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Creating a certificate authority (CA)
```

layout: redirect
---

> 

Reviewer 4: There is specific markdown tag for indicating the feature status. Given that the feature is initially released in 'public preview' status the user documentation needs to indicate that by using...

- {{< c8y-admon-preview >}}  ....  {{< /c8y-admon-preview >}}

When the feature status moves to "GA" we will need another PR for removing this tag. This will happen at the end of June as per current plans.

Author: Done

> Cumulocity has enhanced certificate management with the ability for Cumulocity to sign and issue certificates. This means that when looking at the list of certificates on a tenant you will now see the trust anchor certificates and the Cumulocity signed certificates, the latter are identifiable by the words TENANT CA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} certificate management allows {{< product-c8y-iot >}} to sign and issue certificates. Along with the trust anchor certificates the list of certificates in a  tenant shows the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates. The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} signed certificates are identifiable by the words TENANT CA.
```

> In this tutorial, you will learn how to create certificate authority(CA) for tenant with {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will learn how to create a certificate authority (CA) for a tenant with {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.
```

### Prerequisites {#prerequisites}

In order to follow this tutorial, check the following prerequisites:

* You have a valid tenant, a user and a password in order to access {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

> * Certificate Authority feature enabled on instance and tenant level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Certificate Authority feature is enabled on instance and tenant level.
```

> For creating a new tenant's certificate authority(CA) create certificate authority API need to be called. These following things happen when we call this API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On creating a new tenant's certificate authority (CA) the certificate authority API must be called. This triggers the following actions:
```

> For creating a new tenant's certificate authority(CA) create certificate authority API need to be called. These following things happen when we call this API:

Reviewer 4: This chapter describes how to create tenants CA using REST API. However it is possible to do the same via UI. We need to document this option as well.

Author: Done

> * Create a new key pair and self-sign a certificate with <tenantID> as the Common Name (CN).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new key pair is created and a certificate is self-signed with `tenantID` as the Common Name (CN).
```

> * Store the private key in an encrypted tenant option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The private key is stored in an encrypted tenant option.
```

> * Store the certificate in the trusted certificate repository with auto-registration unchecked by default. The devices can be registered automatically only when device administrator checks this option ON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The certificate is stored in the trusted certificate repository with auto-registration turned off by default. Devices can only be registered automatically when the administrator turns this option on.
```

> * If the CA certificate is removed from the trusted certificate list, remove the corresponding private key from the database collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * If a CA is already present, return a message indicating the CA is already present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a CA is already present, a respective message is returned.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, if the CA is removed from the trusted certificate list, the corresponding private key is removed from the database collection.
```

Reviewer: This should not be part of the list, describing what happens if you create a new certificate, right? I suggest to put in below this list.

> This is example of REST request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of a REST request:
```

    POST /certificate-authority
    Content-Type: application/json
    Authorization: Basic <<Base64 encoded bootstrap credentials>>

The following response is returned:

    HTTP/1.1 201 OK
    Content-Type: application/json
    Content-Length: ...
    {
        ......
        "subject":"CN={tenantId}, O=Cumulocity, C=United States",
        "tenantCertificateAuthority":true,
        "autoRegistrationEnabled":false,
        "status":"ENABLED"
        ....
    }

> This certificate identified as a TENANT CA and it has attribute `"tenantCertificateAuthority":true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This certificate is identified as a TENANT CA and it has the attribute `"tenantCertificateAuthority":true`.
```

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> Note that it is possible to call this endpoint without the ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN or ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_READ role, but only when user is a service user. Otherwise, if the the user does not have the required role, an HTTP response 403 will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can call this endpoint without the ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN or ROLE_TENANT_MANAGEMENT_READ role only, if the user is a service user. Otherwise, if the user does not have the required role, an HTTP response 403 will be returned.
```
